hello youtube this is Lego started here
and today I just got my package from
illusionist that's right i ordered a
shadow masters invisible death so i'm
going to open it and see this i just got
it today actually just now it's a shadow
masters invisible dust from the
illusionist first thing I got the
illusion is pushed it so the first thing
I boil was this illusionist poster thing
whatever it's really cool and it talks
about the new artifact coins that they
came out so yeah that's it's actually
pretty cool next thing I will grab out
it's my bicycle shadow masters invisible
deck smells so good ah alright here goes
so I open it up oh man ah ah that's so
nice oh man look at that artwork that is
so beautiful man even the joke is Joker
look at that
spread really nice oh man these are so
amazing The Joker what the Joker looks
like I don't know if there's anything
special about this joke ooh but seems I
can't find anything about it so yeah
that is my invisible deck so that is up
the back of the card so amazing look at
that yeah Thank You illusionist i just
received my bicycle illusionist
invisible yak i'm very satisfied very
satisfied and yeah thanks for watching
and i recommend getting the shadow
masters invisible deck so forth thanks